yeah I didn't even look I'll see focus
on the game play cars man it doesn't
know what you want battery compared to
being friends i get x no one kill one
kill back from me indeed awesome oh what
the fuck over sighs of course
there's so much action of it I was in
check oh my god okay keep pushing call
back oh I'd sort of closer oh he got so
many dudes hey guys I know we need I
Korean lady Sekhmet deep that's okay you
had the commander was trying to hit you
with a cruise missile only problem is
i'm going to i didn't get on that oh my
god oh my god the frame drop
agenda-driven so bad right now I don't
even know what your body is oh I came in
the door David oh he came in a dark
alley to flare or engineering to use
flamethrower oh my god I was guard I'm
dead oh I've been playing like a
developer labia
you don't play the ball finding water
get it to c4 or not I thought it how
about the ride and shoot a rocky days s
he's did oh you spun out and then I
can't kill him wasn't get fucking
chopper pilot any way into the top 40
yeah with that you shoot at me I do the
child out I just get our take these Keys
Gaza Oh what you did who wore pants who
is this Murray's what the fuck is this
you want right past you oh I am I am
literally upset is right someone out my
name like that you first to do right in
front of you and I got a little bitch
ass in a game you want right past I
don't even know anymore I don't even I
don't trust you w all right passes dude
I was get killed oh my god I got no I
got it would get you guys live like in
that parking room right right that's why
I just died from that's Ronnie you just
sit them in it Hey look at hey kill me
oh my god oh my goodness road they just
looking down man well turning corners
should teammate what the f David Blaine
um I killed somebody for today there's
two he's probably gonna be here just
instantly come to the door great me you
know what am I thought it was
challenging I didn't challenge i hadnít
I Red Sox
but uh oh if you think that if you found
it how's the game or these dudes are so
fucking stupid swear to God Oh fucking
names this was quadrate oh holy shit
crimes are you really input they're all
right now like it you going christmas
break the brazil cuz you got that
connects consider my riding my bike run
money this little fucking cunt hey look
at that bullshit is a 30 oh my god where
did you go there you little fucking
getting so sick i knew they claim or I
swear to god come on I don't think you
should everybody
always and you know what I fell in the
water you're chasing me oh we belong I
could watch on the books best boots I
like the water look at him okay you do
oh hey Marc record uh I ran out of
bullets I had nothing to do how did you
fail then you suck you do ah sorry I
have no repair have no respect I don't
respect me Oh Gabe or fucking to shit
squat me oh god you effective again
watch out you guys are the same squad
Maisie the same person alice is like
what is that I just know that it's you
is this you thank you yet you killed me
oh my god I could you like a second
later you kill be all right
actually like waited my time he couldn't
I want to make sure I didn't miss I took
my daughter just stay still everybody
probably thinks me suck I'm like you're
right yeah we lost oh let's go let's go
anything doesn't even happen i knew it i
do not know how what about a ba in the
you go d daiquiri i do bigger at two
takes a look at this me Bobby did spot a
bitch oh wait i was gonna redeploy pops
over baby to kill that's a paint